frontend/portal/README.md, before:

# Portal

Web application developed using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.1.

### About

- Portal application allows user access many micro frontend applications via dashboard.

# Getting started

1. Install angular-cli globaly 
  ```bash
  npm install -g @angular/cli
  ```

2. Go to frontend/poratal folder and run the following command in gitbash:
 ```bash
 sh portal-dev-build.sh
 ```
 
3. Launch development server, and open `localhost:80` in your browser:
 ```bash
 npm start
 ```
## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build Application for Prod

 Go to frontend/poratal folder and run the following command in gitbash:
 ```bash
 sh portal-prod-build.sh
 ```

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

# Copyright

 Copyright (C) @Incedo Inc. - All Rights Reserved
 * Unauthorized copying of this project, via any medium is strictly prohibited
 * Proprietary and confidential
 * Written by Gavishiddappa Gadagi <gavishiddappa.gadagi@incedoinc.com> Nov 2019

Commit message:

Add note to README file

frontend/portal/README.md, after:

# Portal

Web application developed using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.1.

### About

- Portal application allows user access many micro frontend applications via dashboard.

# Getting started

1. Install angular-cli globaly 
  ```bash
  npm install -g @angular/cli
  ```

2. Go to frontend/poratal folder and run the following command:
 ```bash
 sh portal-dev-build.sh
 ```
 
3. Launch development server, and open `localhost:80` in your browser:
 ```bash
 npm start
 ```
## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build Application for Prod

 Go to frontend/poratal folder and run the following command:
 ```bash
 sh portal-prod-build.sh
 ```

## Note

Windows users please run the sh commands in gitbash, since cmd doesn't support linux commnads.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

# Copyright

 Copyright (C) @Incedo Inc. - All Rights Reserved
 * Unauthorized copying of this project, via any medium is strictly prohibited
 * Proprietary and confidential
 * Written by Gavishiddappa Gadagi <gavishiddappa.gadagi@incedoinc.com> Nov 2019
